ProxmoxVE/scripts/README.md, before:

# Proxmox VE Scripts

This directory contains shell scripts for automating tasks in Proxmox VE.

## Scripts

### `proxmox_migrate_disks_to_storage.sh`

This script migrates all disks of a virtual machine to a specified storage.

**Usage:**

To run this script directly from the web, use the following command:

```bash
bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelizer369/knowledge_base/refs/heads/main/ProxmoxVE/scripts/proxmox_migrate_disks_to_storage.sh)"
```

### `proxmox_orphaned_backup_scanner.sh`

This script scans for orphaned backups in Proxmox VE.

**Usage:**

To run this script directly from the web, use the following command:

```bash
bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelizer369/knowledge_base/refs/heads/main/ProxmoxVE/scripts/proxmox_orphaned_backup_scanner.sh)"
```

---

## Disclaimer

The information and scripts in this repository are provided "as is" and for educational purposes only. I am not responsible for any damage or loss that may occur from using them. Use at your own risk.

Commit message:

Update README.md to include usage instructions for Proxmox Scripts Main Menu and fix script name in main menu script

ProxmoxVE/scripts/README.md, after:

# Proxmox VE Scripts

This directory contains shell scripts for automating tasks in Proxmox VE.

## Scripts

### `proxmox__scripts_main_menu.sh`

This script provides a main menu to dynamically list and run all scripts in this folder.

**Usage:**

To run this script directly from the web, use the following command:

```bash
bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelizer369/knowledge_base/refs/heads/main/ProxmoxVE/scripts/proxmox__scripts_main_menu.sh)"
```

### `proxmox_migrate_disks_to_storage.sh`

This script migrates all disks of a virtual machine to a specified storage.

**Usage:**

To run this script directly from the web, use the following command:

```bash
bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelizer369/knowledge_base/refs/heads/main/ProxmoxVE/scripts/proxmox_migrate_disks_to_storage.sh)"
```

### `proxmox_orphaned_backup_scanner.sh`

This script scans for orphaned backups in Proxmox VE.

**Usage:**

To run this script directly from the web, use the following command:

```bash
bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelizer369/knowledge_base/refs/heads/main/ProxmoxVE/scripts/proxmox_orphaned_backup_scanner.sh)"
```

---

## Disclaimer

The information and scripts in this repository are provided "as is" and for educational purposes only. I am not responsible for any damage or loss that may occur from using them. Use at your own risk.
